[15.0][ADD] web_ir_actions_multi_print: New module (#2947)
OCA/web: web_ir_actions_multi_print/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module provides a way to trigger more than print report render download at the
same time.

> This module is based on Odoo 17 delivery report automation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a backport of the same functionality existing in Odoo 17.
```
